Prepare v0.12 for publishing (#2629)
serenity-rs/serenity: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project mostly adheres to [Semantic Versioning][semver].

> ## [0.12.0] - 2023-11-26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [0.12.0] - 2023-11-27
```
We've been delayed one day :)

### Framework

> The standard framework is now configurable at runtime, as the `configure` method now takes `self` by reference. In line with the builder changes, the standard framework builders instead of closures must now be passed directly. Also, the `Framework` trait has been reworked to accomodate more use cases than just text commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard framework is now configurable at runtime, as the `configure` method now takes `self` by reference. In line with the builder changes, the `Configuration` and `BucketBuilder` builders are no longer closure-based and must be passed in directly. Also, the `Framework` trait has been reworked to accomodate more use cases than just text commands:
```

* [#2595](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2595) - Add the `CREATE_EVENTS` and `CREATE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permissions, and rename `MANAGE_EMOJIS_AND_STICKERS` to `MANAGE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` (the old name is still present but deprecated).
* [#2600](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2600) - Add the `FormattedTimestamp` utility struct for representing a combination of a timestamp and a formatting style.
* [#2601](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2601) - Add support for more Discord subdomains in `utils::argument_convert::parse_message_url`.

> * [#2614](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2614) - Add `Hash` to `Timestamp`'s derive list
> * [#2592](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2592) - Add experimental `typesize` support
> * [#2618](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2618) - Implement `From<Into<String>>` for `AutocompleteChoice`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#2614](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2614) - Add `Hash` to `Timestamp`'s derive list.
* [#2592](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2592) - Add experimental `typesize` support.
* [#2618](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2618) - Implement `From<Into<String>>` for `AutocompleteChoice`.
```
Punctuation nit.

* [#2569](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2569) - Replaced the `json::prelude` module with public wrapper functions that abstract over both `serde_json` and `simd-json`.
* [#2593](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2593) - Rename `GatewayIntents::GUILD_BANS` to `GUILD_MODERATION` (the old name is still present but is deprecated).
* [#2598](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2598) - Change `CreateInteractionResponseMessage::flags` to take `InteractionResponseFlags` instead of `MessageFlags`.
* [#2609](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2609) - Split parts of `ThreadMember` into `PartialThreadMember`.
* [#2622](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2622) - Implement role addition/removal using dedicated endpoints.
* [#2623](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2623) - Use dedicated types for `GuildId::audit_logs`.

> * [#2625](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2625) - Remove some miscellaneous vectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#2625](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2625) - Change `Guild::members_with_status` to return `impl Iterator<Item = &Member>` instead of `Vec<Member>`.
```
Specific wording about the actual breaking change.

* [#2569](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2569) - Replaced the `json::prelude` module with public wrapper functions that abstract over both `serde_json` and `simd-json`.
* [#2593](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2593) - Rename `GatewayIntents::GUILD_BANS` to `GUILD_MODERATION` (the old name is still present but is deprecated).
* [#2598](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2598) - Change `CreateInteractionResponseMessage::flags` to take `InteractionResponseFlags` instead of `MessageFlags`.

> * [#2609](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2609) - Split parts of `ThreadMember` into `PartialThreadMember`
> * [#2612](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2612) - Make `Event::Unknown` wrap `UnknownEvent` again
> * [#2615](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2615) - Rework framework builders to not use closures
> * [#2622](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2622) - Implement role addition/removal using dedicated endpoints
> * [#2623](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2623) - Use dedicated types for `GuildId::audit_logs`
> * [#2625](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2625) - Remove some miscellaneous vectors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#2609](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2609) - Split parts of `ThreadMember` into `PartialThreadMember`.
* [#2622](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2622) - Implement role addition/removal using dedicated endpoints.
* [#2623](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2623) - Use a dedicated type for the `action_type` parameter of `GuildId::audit_logs`.
* [#2625](https://github.com/serenity-rs/serenity/pull/2625) - Change `Guild::members_with_status` to return `impl Iterator<Item = &Member>` instead of `Vec<Member>`.
```

 - I think #2612 can be combined with the line for #1938, or just omitted entirely.
 - #2615 can instead be included in the `Framework` section of the changelog. The first sentence of that section already mentions the `configure` method, so it can be added to that.
